Update README.md (#27)
neptune-ai/neptune-sacred: README.md

# Neptune + Sacred Integration

Neptune is a lightweight experiment tracker that offers a single place to track, compare, store, and collaborate on experiments and models.

> This integration lets you use it as a UI (front end) for the experiments you track in Sacred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration lets you use Neptune as a UI for the experiments you track in Sacred.
```
